Q. what is Terraform drift detection.
Q. what is Terraform docs
Q. what is code security in Terraform using checkov and is there any other way to secure
Q. what happen when we lost state-file
Q. What are all the ways to retrieve the terraform statefile and Security for statefile
Q. How will handle state lock occur what are the warning notification
Q. How will you update the state-file manually
Q. How nested blocks were handled in terraform
Q. How will you use the existing resource from the console in your terraform code
Q. How will you handle rollback in IAC
Q. is it possible to attach a two different iam policy to the people present in same group in IAM ? if yes how
Q. where will you use ALB and NLB
Q. What is features in ALB
Q. want to provide the access to user in account B to Access the service in account A in AWS is it possible ? if yes how
Q. how will you back up s3
Q. what is best way to secure s3 iam level or ACL bucket policy level
Q. what if we are out of subnet range to add resource
Q. is there any way to get internet access for your resource without nat gate way
Q. is possible to provide access to your aws account without having access and secret key
Q. what is site to site vpn connection establishment setting
Q. How to estimate budget for your infra structure
Q. How to take back up s3
Q. what kind of microservices have you enabled
Q. Terraform statefile deleted
Q. Terraform refresh
Q. if 10000 ec2 instance and you need to install some dependencies or servers or packages
Q. Which mandatory roles or permissions are needed for lambda executions
Q. Lambda accessing s3, if we are getting access denied what could be the issue
Q. when we will go with ECS and EKS
Q. We are creating a resource by using terraform, those resource shoud not delete
Q. In Github code harcoded the secrete value, to identify that automatically which options will help Dynamic configuration in terraform.
Q. About state file crash
Q. About terraform import
Q. what is Terraform components?
Q. I am not able to access s3 from my EC2, what might be the reasons?
Q. what is Cross account access in aws
Q. What are resource policies
Q. Diff between terraform lint and validate
Q. What is state locking
